♪♪
♪ I was a girl in the village
doing all right ♪
♪ Then I became
a princess overnight ♪
♪ Now I gotta figure out
how to do it right ♪
♪ So much to learn
and see ♪
♪ Up in the castle
with my new family ♪
♪ In a school that's
just for royalty ♪
♪ A whole enchanted world
is waiting for me ♪
- ♪ I'm so excited to be ♪
- ♪ Sofia the first ♪
♪ I'm finding out what
being royal's all about ♪
♪ Sofia the first ♪
♪ Making my way,
it's an adventure every day ♪
♪ Sofia ♪
- ♪ It's gonna be my time ♪
- ♪ Sofia ♪
♪ To show them all
that I'm Sofia the first ♪
Come on, Sof, go faster.
I can catch 'em.
Okay, James,
get ready.
Maybe you should
just catch them the normal way.
I want to make sure
we have enough
for all the kids
in the village.
Whoa, look at that.
Cedric's got a new contraption.
Cedric, can we ride
in your flying machine?
Yes, can we,
Mr. Cedric? Please?
I'm so sorry, children,
but this is
my most prized possession.
So the answer is
a big, whopping no.
A successful trip
to the charmacy, Wormy.
Behold the extremely rare
petal of the alabaster
rose.
This ivory beauty only blooms
every 100 years,
but now that
it's blossomed,
I have everything I need
for my power plucking potion.
Oh, at long last,
I shall be able
to use this potion
to make the amulet
of Avalor
give me any power
I want.
Let's just keep you
nice and safe in here, shall we?
Now, all I have to do
is get Sofia's amulet
by switching it
with this fake one I made.
Then I shall have
plenty of time
to use the potion
on the real amulet
and give myself
a power so great,
I'll finally be able
to take over the kingdom!
Come along, Wormy.
Let us find
the princess.
Just a few more, okay?
Wormy, go and distract them.
Hey!
Wormwood!
Switcherwitchitus switcheroo!
I-I-I... I can't believe it.
After all these years,
the amulet of Avalor
is mine.
Mummy, the day I have
been waiting for
has finally come.
You stole the amulet.
Yes. And Sofia doesn't
even realize it's missing,
so I'll have
plenty of time
to extract one of
its powers
with this power
plucking potion.
But the amulet can
give you so many powers.
The power to be invisible,
to read minds, to grow
as tall as a giant.
Which one will you choose?
I want the power
of supreme strength.
Then I shall be
the mightiest in the land,
and no one will be able
to stop me
from taking over
the kingdom.
Now let's get this
power-plucking party started.
I simply dip the amulet
in the potion and...
- What's wrong?
- My hands are stuck.
Here. Let Mummy help.
Oh, my potion.
Oh, no! It's all gone!
And I'm stuck again.
Why are my hands
so sticky?
Oh, you put
the amulet on?
Well, of course I did.
Why?
Once you put
the amulet on,
you're bound
by its rules.
"For each deed performed,
for better or worse,
a power is granted,
a blessing or curse."
The amulet cursed me.
Yes, my dear,
with sticky fingers,
for stealing
Princess Sofia's
amulet, no doubt.
I must undo the curse.
But how?
"The only way
to break the curse
is to make up for
your bad deed"
Well, since you took
something from Sofia,
maybe you should give
something to her.
But what?
Surely not the amulet.
Of course not.
You need that to take
over the kingdom.
Give her something else.
Something as important
to you as the amulet
is to her.
What do I have
that the princess
could possibly want?
Let's go ask her,
shall we?
Mummy, I do not
need a chaperone.
Of course you do, Ceddy.
Now let's hurry.
It's only a matter of time
before Sofia realizes
she's not wearing
the real amulet.
There she is.
( squawks )
Oh, yes, we mustn't
let her see that.
Hi, Mr. Cedric.
Want an apple?
No! No, no, thank you.
You're too kind,
Princess Sofia.
In fact, I'd like to do
something kind for you
in return.
Is there anything
you want, anything
at all?
Oh, that's nice of you.
But I don't need anything.
Oh, I'm not asking
what you need.
I'm asking
what you want
more than
anything in
the world, hm?
Coming in for
a landing.
I know. How about a ride
in your flying machine
for both of us?
Oh, absolutely not.
It's the most precious
thing I own.
Oh, that's okay.
I understand.
But Ceddykins,
giving Sofia
that flying machine
might help you get
rid of your sticky fingers.
Right, Mummy.
What I meant to say,
Princess Sofia,
is that I can do
ever so much better
than giving you
one measly ride
in the flying machine.
I'll be right back.
Oh, lovely.
It's Furball
and the feather heads.
Of course, if they try and
chitchat with the princess now,
she'll figure out she doesn't
have the real amulet.
Well, I've got to
keep them away.
Why, hello there,
friends.
bird breath.
We're looking for Sofia.
Whatever for,
when we could have
so much fun ourselves.
Fun? Did you just
say fun?
You never have fun.
Do you even know
what the word means?
I am quite aware of
the definition of the word fun.
I shall prove it.
Oh, yes, see.
Look at me.
Splishing and splashing
simultaneously.
Come join me,
won't you?
Ha ha, yeah.
That's cute.
We're gonna go
find Sofia now.
Have a nice bath.
Wait!
Uh...
it's just that it gets
so lonely
up in Cedric's workshop.
No animal friends
to talk to.
Oh, how I would love
a few friends
to jump about with.
Oh, we can keep you company,
Wormwood. Right, Clover?
Ew. If you guys wanna
yuk it up with Cranky bird here,
you go right ahead.
Me, I'm gonna go see
what Sofia's up to.
Oh, well, then I suppose
I shall have to show
Robin and Mia
how to get into
the castle's food pantry
without you.
Whoa, whoa.
You can get us
into the food pantry?
Who's fun now,
Furball?
There. Whew!
That's the last one.
- Let's get going.
- Princess Sofia!
I would like to give
my flying machine to you.
Give it to me?
That's really nice
of you, Mr. Cedric,
but I couldn't
possibly accept it.
Of course you can.
But it's your most
prized possession.
Which is why I want
to give it to you,
because sometimes,
we must part with
the things we cherish most.
Here. Take it.
I insist.
Okay. If you're sure.
Thank you, Mr. Cedric.
No, not a hug. Oh.
- No.
- What is it?
( gasps )
My hands.
What about them?
It doesn't matter.
Go enjoy your new
flying machine.
Can we go for a ride
in it, Sof?
But the apples,
remember?
It'll just
take a minute.
- Okay, but just
a quick one.
- Brilliant!
Prepare for takeoff.
Liftoff!
You were right, Mummy.
The good deed
broke the curse.
My hands are
sticky no more.
Oh, that's wonderful.
But how can I get
a power from the amulet now?
All my power-plucking
potion is gone.
You'll have to get a power
the way Sofia gets them.
By doing very,
very good deeds.
I don't know the first
thing about being good.
( laughing )
Ah, but she does.
Why, yes, the princess
is an expert
at being a goody-goody.
I'll get her to help me
do kind acts.
Good thinking, Mummy.
Mr. Cedric,
that was a-mazing,
but I've got to go.
I'm giving all these apples
to the villagers.
Of course you are.
Can I have
another ride?
Liftoff again.
Brilliant!
Princess Sofia,
would you mind
if I accompany you?
Oh, I'd love that.
You can help me
hand out the apples.
Oh, how wonderful.
Let us do some good.
Come on, Mia,
bring me home.
Oh, no, you're not gonna
score on me and my boy,
right, Wormwood?
Righto. Go, team, go.
Whoop. There you have it.
Yes!
Catch it, Wormwood.
Yeah! Out!
We win!
We win?
We win?!
We win!
Yeah. Nice play,
Wormy.
We are the victors.
Hooray for us.
Boom-boom squawk,
boom-boom squawk.
Good game, guys.
Shall we go find
Sofia now?
Or... we could play
a round of waffle hockey.
I shall be the goalie.
Apples. Who'd like
an apple?
They're very sweet
and... uh, apple-y.
( all exclaiming )
Oh, you're so welcome.
It isn't glowing,
Mummy.
Giving away a few apples
is not a good enough deed
to grant me a power.
You've got to do
something bigger.
Kinder.
Nicer.
How about this for nice?
Super-size-o, orange tree.
Become a fruity jubilee.
Mom, that pear is huge!
And look at the size
of that... watermelon?!
Aye, fruit salad
for everyone.
Wow, Mr. Cedric.
That was really
nice of you.
It's glowing.
Does that mean I have
a power?
I'm huge!
Like the giant fruit
I conjured.
Being this size
will make taking over
the kingdom a breeze!
I can simply squash
anything in my way.
Oh, no.
What happened?
Oh, please,
make me big again.
Are you kidding?
You took away my power
just for squashing
one teensy, tiny
little wagon?
Fixitus upitus.
There. I fixed it.
All better now.
So make me big.
Big-ify me.
( whimpering )
The power is gone.
Oh, Cedric, you have to stop
doing bad things,
as hard as that may be,
and do another
good deed, quick.
Yes, Mummy.
Mr. Cedric, everyone
loves your fruit tree.
Yes, yes,
how very heartwarming.
But Sofia, I need
you to help me
do more nice things.
- More?
- A lot more.
I don't ever
want to stop.
Oh, please.
You must teach me
how to be a better me.
♪ I think you're good
but let me suggest ♪
♪ A sure-fire way
to bring out your best ♪
♪ Open your heart
and just look around ♪
♪ Till you find someone
who's feeling down ♪
♪ Look at that girl there ♪
♪ She's off her game
and lost her pep ♪
♪ So give it
a whirl there ♪
♪ I know what to do ♪
♪ Put a small spring
into her step ♪
♪ Get her on a roll,
help her score a goal ♪
♪ That's what you do
when you wanna be ♪
♪ A better you ♪
♪ Try to save her day
and make things go her way ♪
♪ Now I can see
that I must be ♪
♪ A better me ♪
Great job, Mr. Cedric.
You really
helped that girl out.
What's this?
A new power.
Let's find some more
people to help,
Princess Sofia.
Okay.
( giggles )
I have the power
to bounce really high!
( chirping happily )
Get away from me,
you bothersome birds.
Shoo, shoo, shoo.
My nose, it's a beak.
I've been cursed.
Oh, Princess Sofia,
I must help someone immediately.
♪ If someone's home
seems more like a zoo ♪
♪ Clean up the mess,
make their problems shoo ♪
♪ I'll find someone
whose luck ♪
♪ Has really gone sour ♪
♪ 'Cause I've got to
get a new power ♪
♪ Give someone a treat
when they're feeling beat ♪
♪ That's what you do if
you wanna be a better you ♪
♪ I'll have
a "be nice" binge
♪ Although it makes
me cringe ♪
♪ They're gonna see
I'm gonna be ♪
♪ A better me ♪
♪ Yes, hopefully soon ♪
♪ I can become ♪
♪ A far, far better me ♪
My hands.
I have a new power.
I can freeze
whatever I want.
Nothing can stop me from
taking over the kingdom now.
( evil laughter )
Wait, I didn't mean it.
I take it back.
Oh, the power is gone
again.
No matter how hard I try,
I just cannot be good.
Oh, I better fix this
before Sofia sees.
Oh, there you are,
Mr. Cedric.
I guess we should
head back to the castle.
Oh, so that's it then.
Pack up the kindness coach
and go home.
I'm surprised at you,
Princess Sofia.
I guess you're right.
There's always
a good deed to be
done somewhere.
And this time, I won't
do anything unkind
that will get me cursed.
I will not,
I will not, I will not!
Mr. Cedric,
come quick.
There's someone having
a lot of trouble over here.
Oh, marvelous.
( straining )
Well, in need of
some help, are we?
I'm trying to build
this house for my family,
but my cart broke,
and the stones are so heavy.
Can you use your magic
to help lift the stones?
Well, I could,
but I could also use my magic
to build the entire house.
The time has come
to end this chore.
Build a house
from roof to floor!
Great goblins!
It would've taken
the strength of 100 men
to build a house
this fast.
I thank you, sir.
Come look.
Oh, it's glowing.
Did you give me a power?
Well, what is it?
I don't feel
any different.
Could it be the power
I've been longing for
all this time?
Yes!
I have the power
of supreme strength.
Oh, how glorious!
With strength like this,
I can overcome anyone
who tries to stop me
from taking
King Roland's throne.
Come along, princess.
It's time to return
to the castle.
Get out, you scalawags.
Scoot, scoot.
Clover, Robin, Mia!
Oh, no!
I haven't seen you guys
all day.
( no audio )
That's weird.
I can't understand you.
No, no, no.
Don't talk to them.
Wormy, what
are you doing?
- ( squawking )
- Stop, Wormwood.
I think something's
wrong with my amulet.
I wish to be small.
I can't shrink either.
My amulet's not working.
I better take it
to Mr. Cedric.
Maybe he can tell me
what's wrong with it.
That's what I get
for having fun.
Hey, Wormwood,
where you goin'?
None of your business,
feather head.
I knew it was
too good to last.
Oh, where is he?
Ah, the king's throne.
Or should I say,
my throne.
What are you doing
with the king's throne?
That does not concern you.
Now go fetch
King Roland.
I have some important
news for him.
Go on.
Be quick about it.
Oh, I can't wait
any longer.
( sighs )
I hereby declare myself
the new king of Enchancia.
From now on, everyone
shall do whatever I say,
or go straight
to the dungeon.
I shall rule
with an iron fist.
Oh, no.
My fists have
turned to iron.
Oh, the amulet
cursed me again.
But why? For trying to
take over the kingdom?
That's not a bad thing.
I deserve to be king.
( sobbing )
I do.
( cawing )
Oh, Wormy,
this is terrible.
No one will obey
a king who has
ridiculous metal hands.
I must go to the workshop
and find a way
to fix them
immediately.
( cawing insistently )
Oh, what's the use?
He can't understand
a word I'm squawking.
Oh, Mother,
come quick.
What is it, dear?
Look what the amulet did
to my hands.
That is one
dreadful curse.
You must help me
get rid of it.
The only way to break
a curse this nasty
is to do the most noble,
kind-hearted act
you can think of.
What could I ever do
that would be kind enough
to break such
a wretched curse?
SOFIA: Hello?
What happened
to your door?
And floor?
It's a long story.
Mr. Cedric,
I really need your help.
Something's wrong
with my amulet.
What makes you say that?
It's just not doing
things it usually does.
Do you think
you can fix it?
Fixing your amulet
is probably the most noble,
kind-hearted thing
I could do, isn't it?
It would sure mean
a lot to me.
( sighs )
All right.
I can repair
your amulet,
but the magic only works
if you close your eyes.
Right. Okay.
Switcherwitchitus switcheroo!
All right.
Your amulet should be
as good as new.
Oh, Mr. Cedric,
you've made me
so, so happy.
I've gotta go.
Thank you.
You gave
the amulet back?
It was the only way to get rid
of the curse, Mummy.
Then I suppose returning it
was the right thing to do.
It's a shame it had
to come to that.
Mia, Robin, Clover.
Sofia!
Mr. Cedric
fixed my amulet.
Who wants to go
for a ride?
I do.
You're the best,
Mr. Cedric.
Well, that's something,
I suppose.
( Sofia laughing )